Speaking practice for botch, impede, quaff, recollect and exacerbate.
Listen to what I say
then pause the video and repeat after me.
Think about the meaning of the vocabulary we studied.
Train your brain to master these words.
Let's get started.
We botched our first attempt at starting a business but we made a success of it
the second time round.
The people believe that the government is impeding the development of the country and so wish to vote
in a new one.
We quaffed the cool water from the stream and relaxed in the warm sunshine.
Do you recollect anything from the day your house was broken into?
Yes. I remember there were a few strange people walking up and down the street.
The company made huge losses this year, and to exacerbate the situation,
it is under police investigation for fraud.
Ronaldo has botched his penalty kick and that means Brazil has won the World Cup.
Even though he was impeded with a severe injury,
the brave runner completed the marathon after six hours.
Where's the bottle of red wine I bought yesterday?
Sorry. Peter and I quaffed it last night with dinner.
Jane and I met last night for the first time in years.
We were recollecting all our fun adventures from childhood.
Don't lift those heavy boxes, otherwise you'll exacerbate your back pain.
Let me move them for you.